Finally that time of the year to meet and greet has arrived
Celebrating Collabora Online. Talks, discussions, skydiving, nothing was amiss :) 
Nextcloud Contributor Community together for a week of coding, design, discussion, talks & fun!
Last week we had a Fixfest at Collabora where anyone could stop any further development and solve one of those pet bugs that you would like to see it fixed but still didn’t get around to do it. Basically is a nice way to improve and polish corners :) 
LibreOffice Template series: Read my post on LibreOffice Design Team Blog
LibreOffice Template contest and my tips and tricks for working with templates
LibreOffice Writer will have better labelling, additional information and hopefully increased discoverability on all Register-true options.
Design workflows and sharing them with other team members to ensure the workflow is designed correctly has never been so important as today.
There is an AppImage that is built on CentOS 7, using a custom Docker container that provides all the required up-to-date dependencies.
Such a myriad of different things to choose from led me to miss many of them. From one building to another it was difficult to keep up but here are a couple that you would definitely enjoy
The students were coming from many different levels, ranging from 1st years students to full PhD professionals! On average they were coming from computer sciences background.
Today I would like to write a case in favour of customization as a way to adapt a tool to your needs and not the other way around allowing for great flexibility and thus improving one's flow
Last Friday I had a lot of fun meeting up with some of my fellow Collaboreans that live in Prague. It was a little get together with food, drinks and on top of that with some really cool escape room game! :)
I have been using Inkscape 1.0 daily and it has come a long way with really cool features and improved workflow. For example the image you see above shows a set of new multi-color icons and how easy is to change theming without messing with config files plus some other neat options!
I had a blast talking with André Paula and João Jotta from LinuxTechPT podcast. It's really something to be able to speak again in my own idiom specially when I often don't have that chance (since I'm in Prague).
This blog is my attempt to log my findings, contributions or related events in the FOSS world. And since I work at Collabora Productivity – the driving force behind putting LibreOffice in the cloud – expect to see a lot of cool stuff regarding office tools.